[Music]
high rise
2015 film explained the film high rise
starts with dr ober laying who is
present in a demolished high-rise tower
building
he has blood on his body here he is
cooking the dog on fire
it is unknown at this time what's going
on here
then the story is shown from three
months ago when everything was all right
the tallest tower in london is shown
here called the high rise
this tower is specially designed for
people who want a modern living style
rich people live on the top floor of the
tower and ordinary people on the ground
floor that is
the richest people on the 40th floor and
the lesser rich people on the 39th floor
and in such descending order everyone
lives on their own floors
it has all the facilities of the world
like a swimming pool
gym supermarket and school for children
so that they do not have to go out and
all these people live in this tower
quite isolated from the rest of the
world
dr robert shifts to the building's 25th
floor and is delighted to have a good
lifestyle
here they meet in a single mother she
also has a son
they become attached to each other in a
very short time
in addition dr ober becomes friends with
a documentary filmmaker
richard wilder dr robert is a physiology
teacher
he is teaching in his class by cutting a
human head that one of his students gets
faint to see
it this student is sent for a brain scan
very next day dr robert is then called
to meet
anthony royal on the 40th floor
where the richest people live royal has
designed this tower
his wife is also shown here who does not
give much importance to anyone
he invites dr ober to come to a party
which she is arranging a few days later
the day of the party comes and this
party is themed on the costume of the
18th century
which means that everyone had to come
dressed in 18th century clothes
and this is what happens but dr robert
dresses like his daily routine
because he did not know the theme of the
party
royal's wife and the rest of the guests
are very upset to see robot's clothes
after that his wife and the same student
who fell in the class fainted disrespect
him a lot he is called bad and he is
expelled from the party
after being expelled from the party he
goes to an elevator but due to an
electricity outage
they get stuck in this elevator royal
have told that there has been
electricity load shedding for the last
few days
the water has stopped and the pipe which
carries trash isn't working properly
all such problems are becoming very
common the story goes on
the medical report of dr robert's
student who lost consciousness is okay
nothing happened to him but to get
revenge doctor convinces him that he has
a brain tumor
the doctor says this because his student
had insulted dr robert ii on the night
of the party
then we see that his student from the
39th floor under the influence of
alcohol commits suicide
the police also come but do not
investigate this matter properly
so the doctor's friend richard wilder
becomes very sad
and he intends to expose and stop the
oppression happening in this high-rise
building
no one goes out of the high-rise
building and no one comes in
laws and orders are completely abandoned
crime becomes very common in high-rise
the food inside the supermarket also
starts to decrease
because of which people start fighting
among themselves
on the one hand it is suspected that
royal had bribed the police
in order to ignore all these disorders
so that the news in this building does
not go out
dr robert on the other hand is ashamed
of what he told his student that he had
a brain tumor
the doctor has become quite mentally ill
and locks himself in the room
he blames himself and becomes mentally
unstable
wilder plans to kill royal who has
designed this building
wilder thinks that royal has a hand in
this whole affair
when he comes forward to kill him he
discovers that he also has a son whom
the world does not know
he barely gets to his penthouse and
shoots him
because of this royal dies and wilder is
shot by a girl too
that's how two deaths happen here his
son is watching all this secretly
there is chaos throughout the tower
people are fighting with each other
someone is behind food someone is behind
revenge
people are full of hatred the poor are
killing the rich
and the rich are killing the poor the
story of the movie goes back to where it
started
when dr robert is inside the destroyed
high-rise building
dr obert seems completely mentally
unstable he has lost his mental health
he is talking to himself and the story
ends here
what lesson does this story teach us
what is its explanation
the writer says where there is a state
capitalism
there can never be a political freedom
this means
where one person rules there is never
political freedom
these people do not get the same rights
hope you like the movie explanation if
yes
like it thanks for watching